Recent work studying the detailed chemical abundances of Milky Way halo stars
and the kinematic evolution of globular clusters suggest that (1) a significant
fraction of the stellar halo around the Milky Way may be composed of disrupted
globular clusters, and, consequently, that (2) the present globular cluster
population may be a small fraction ($<$5\%) of the initial population. These
suggestions make strong predictions about the structure---in kinematics and
chemistry---of halo stars that depend strongly on the origins of the initial
globular cluster system. Here we generate a set of mock stellar halos formed
from disrupted globular clusters with a range of formation scenarios that all
broadly reproduce the present-day spatial distribution and mass function of the
remnant cluster population. We use these halos to predict the kinematic
clustering of halo stars and the expected number of thin stellar streams around
the Milky Way for each of the explored scenarios. We consider two main classes
of initial conditions: (1) all accreted, in which all globular clusters were
deposited early on through mergers with other galaxies, and (2) all formed in
situ, in which all globular clusters formed early on in the Galaxy. For each,
we consider cluster orbits drawn from isotropic, radially-anisotropic, and
tangentially-anisotropic distribution functions. We find that the end-of-Gaia
kinematic measurements for XX stars within XX kpc of the Sun will distinguish
the scenarios considered in this work. We also predict that within XX kpc of
the Galactic center, there are XX thin, recently fully-disrupted
globular-cluster streams. Of these, XX have high enough surface brightness to
have already been detected, in agreement with the number of thin streams
discovered thus far.
